run/halo/app/utils/VersionTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.VersionTest
run/halo/app/it/IndexPageRequestTest.java
 run.halo.app.it.IndexPageRequestTest
run/halo/app/model/params/InstallParamTest.java
 run.halo.app.model.params.InstallParamTest
run/halo/app/service/RecoveryServiceTest.java
 run.halo.app.service.RecoveryServiceTest
run/halo/app/repository/ThemeRepositoryImplTest.java
 run.halo.app.repository.ThemeRepositoryImplTest
run/halo/app/utils/ReflectionUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.ReflectionUtilsTest
run/halo/app/utils/MarkdownUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.MarkdownUtilsTest
run/halo/app/utils/YamlTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.YamlTest
run/halo/app/utils/FileUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.FileUtilsTest
run/halo/app/repository/SheetRepositoryTest.java
 run.halo.app.repository.SheetRepositoryTest
run/halo/app/utils/InetAddressTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.InetAddressTest
run/halo/app/utils/JsonUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.JsonUtilsTest
run/halo/app/it/BaseApiTest.java
 run.halo.app.it.BaseApiTest
run/halo/app/utils/SlugUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.SlugUtilsTest
run/halo/app/utils/VersionUtilTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.VersionUtilTest
run/halo/app/utils/BcryptTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.BcryptTest
run/halo/app/utils/BeanUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.BeanUtilsTest
 run.halo.app.utils.BeanUtilsTest$TestA
 run.halo.app.utils.BeanUtilsTest$TestB
 run.halo.app.utils.BeanUtilsTest$TestC
 run.halo.app.utils.BeanUtilsTest$TestD
 run.halo.app.utils.BeanUtilsTest$TestE
run/halo/app/utils/HttpClientUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.HttpClientUtilsTest
run/halo/app/theme/GitThemeFetcherTest.java
 run.halo.app.theme.GitThemeFetcherTest
run/halo/app/utils/FilenameUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.FilenameUtilsTest
run/halo/app/service/impl/ThemeServiceImplTest.java
 run.halo.app.service.impl.ThemeServiceImplTest
run/halo/app/model/MediaTypeTest.java
 run.halo.app.model.MediaTypeTest
run/halo/app/utils/GitTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.GitTest
run/halo/app/utils/GithubUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.GithubUtilsTest
run/halo/app/utils/URITest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.URITest
run/halo/app/utils/HaloUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.HaloUtilsTest
run/halo/app/freemarker/FreeMarkerTest.java
 run.halo.app.freemarker.FreeMarkerTest
run/halo/app/utils/ValidationUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.ValidationUtilsTest
 run.halo.app.utils.ValidationUtilsTest$Car
run/halo/app/service/impl/PostServiceImplTest.java
 run.halo.app.service.impl.PostServiceImplTest
run/halo/app/utils/LocalDateTimeTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.LocalDateTimeTest
run/halo/app/conf/AntPathMatcherTest.java
 run.halo.app.conf.AntPathMatcherTest
run/halo/app/security/OneTimeTokenTest.java
 run.halo.app.security.OneTimeTokenTest
run/halo/app/controller/DisableOnConditionController.java
 run.halo.app.controller.DisableOnConditionController
run/halo/app/handler/theme/YamlThemePropertyResolverTest.java
 run.halo.app.handler.theme.YamlThemePropertyResolverTest
run/halo/app/utils/DateTimeUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.DateTimeUtilsTest
run/halo/app/utils/PathTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.PathTest
run/halo/app/model/properties/PropertyEnumTest.java
 run.halo.app.model.properties.PropertyEnumTest
run/halo/app/model/dto/base/OutputConverterTest.java
 run.halo.app.model.dto.base.OutputConverterTest
 run.halo.app.model.dto.base.OutputConverterTest$SubTestOutputDTO
 run.halo.app.model.dto.base.OutputConverterTest$TestDomain
 run.halo.app.model.dto.base.OutputConverterTest$TestOutputDTO
run/halo/app/service/impl/OptionServiceImplTest.java
 run.halo.app.service.impl.OptionServiceImplTest
run/halo/app/service/support/HaloMediaTypeTest.java
 run.halo.app.service.support.HaloMediaTypeTest
run/halo/app/model/enums/AttachmentTypeTest.java
 run.halo.app.model.enums.AttachmentTypeTest
run/halo/app/theme/ZipThemeFetcherTest.java
 run.halo.app.theme.ZipThemeFetcherTest
run/halo/app/utils/DirectoryAttackTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.DirectoryAttackTest
run/halo/app/cache/InMemoryCacheStoreTest.java
 run.halo.app.cache.InMemoryCacheStoreTest
run/halo/app/utils/TimeUnitTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.TimeUnitTest
run/halo/app/utils/PathsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.PathsTest
run/halo/app/model/enums/DataTypeTest.java
 run.halo.app.model.enums.DataTypeTest
run/halo/app/cache/CacheStoreTest.java
 run.halo.app.cache.CacheStoreTest
run/halo/app/aspect/SensitiveConcealAspectTest.java
 run.halo.app.aspect.SensitiveConcealAspectTest
run/halo/app/utils/TwoFactorAuthUtilsTest.java
 run.halo.app.utils.TwoFactorAuthUtilsTest
run/halo/app/model/dto/base/InputConverterTest.java
 run.halo.app.model.dto.base.InputConverterTest
 run.halo.app.model.dto.base.InputConverterTest$SubTestInputDTO
 run.halo.app.model.dto.base.InputConverterTest$TestDomain
 run.halo.app.model.dto.base.InputConverterTest$TestInputDTO
run/halo/app/aspect/DisableOnConditionAspectTest.java
 run.halo.app.aspect.DisableOnConditionAspectTest
